added the experimental release note for relative color syntax in firefox (#34053)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Relative colors syntax

Reviewer: Minor one:

```suggestion
### Relative color syntax
```

Reviewer 2: or "Relative colors"?

> The [relative color syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors) is now enabled by default in Nightly and when the `layout,css.relative-color-syntax.enabled` preference is set to `true` in other versions. This allows the creation of colors from other colors using the [`color()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color) functional notation and other [color spaces](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space) such as [`lch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lch), [`lab()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/lab), etc. [Firefox bug 1701488](https://bugzil.la/1701488).

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
[Relative color syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors/Relative_colors) is now enabled by default in the Nightly release and via the `layout.css.relative-color-syntax.enabled` preference set to `true` in other release versions. Relative color syntax allows you to create a color value relative to an origin color, and can allow you to change a color in a different [color space](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Color_space) using [color functions](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_colors#functions) ([Firefox bug 1701488](https://bugzil.la/1701488)).
```
